Selling out theaters. He's I, his pre sold sale sold.
Out everything, selling out everything. Huh? When you moving into.
Arenas selling, ah, Hey, speaking of arenas, how was Toronto.
Insane? What is it like in.
The, when you're doing 10,000.
People, 10,600 people with the Scotia bank arena, it was the air Canada center.
The UFC's back there in December. I'm back.
Crazy. You're gonna be like, oh,
one time I was here alone talking it's its ridiculous.
And then you see it like filled for events like that.
I mean that's where the Raptors play it.
It's it's so ridiculous. It doesn't seem real,
but I gotta say the show felt like as intimate as, uh,
a set at the store, really? I'm not bullshitting. Yeah. Yeah. Welcome the set.
Yeah. It was, it was nuts for real. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It was easy peasy.
It was fun. I mean it was literally like any other set. I was,
I was nervous that I wasn't nervous. Yeah. I,
I was nervous that I was con I mean, I did a lot of sets leading up to it.
Like when, um, I did, I did you,
I constantly do sets, but I did like, I did four sets Thursday night.
I did really? Yeah. I did the ice house Wednesday.
So I did an hour plus the ice house. I did three sets on um,
on, uh, Tuesday night. Yeah.
I mean that's that's I think that's the key is you just gotta do.
You gotta be sharp for it. Yeah.
You have to just do so many that you're you're just, just like working out.
You can't have any doubt. You gotta be just in shape. I just sent you a video.
This is, this is shows you how ridiculous the.
Crowd looked. But when you're, um,
but you you're also getting used to arenas cause you've done a few now.
It's weird. This.
Are fourth.
Arena. Fourth. Yeah. Maybe fifth. I did. I did, um, Columbus, Vancouver.
I did Columbus. I did Kansas city. Kansas city was weird. Cause it was outside.
That.
Was weird. That's like an amphitheater, right? Yeah.
It's crazy. Yeah. I saw, I saw, but this was the biggest one.
This one was bananas. Yeah.
Wild man. Yeah. I'm stressing 12,
Tom and I are doing tours at the exact same time next year. And uh,
I'm stressing doing theaters 12, 1200 in the theater going like, it.
How do.
You like it gets normal man. After a while scooter,
scooter head just like a couple of seconds.
And you can see it when I get on stage, like, like,
like watch when they turn the lights on. This is what's really strange
when you get to look out over the entire audio.
Oh my God. ridiculous. That's.
Crazy's that's madness. That.
Is that's wild, man.
Dude, that, and there's a upper deck that
it doesn't seem real and it just happened.
And you, you did this and the same night, uh, bird did the forum 20.
Yeah. The forums not 20,000 is 9,000. The Western forum.
The great Western forum. I don't know what it is.
The thing online said it was 20,000.
People. I, I think they're wrong. Cuz Dean Del rice said it was 9,000. Okay.
I think they just made a mistake, but it's huge either way. It's it's.
Huge. So I was thinking last night, I know you.
I know that you're not like this. I, I know you're a little bit like this,
but to compare different times of comedy. Right. Um,
and compare people and I know you don't like comparing people,
but has there ever been a time in comedy where this many acts were selling
arenas,
this many acts were selling theaters and this many acts were selling out clubs.
I don't think so. Well, well BES sold out Madison square garden,
which is way bigger than that. Madison square garden I think is 18,000.
That's true. How about this? Sebastian is ready to sell four.
He's already sold out three. Yeah.
He's they opened up a fourth show at Madison square garden. Yeah.
Just stop and think about that. That's almost 80,000 people. That's.
Crazy. Yeah. Yeah. That's like a NFL game stadium.
Has there ever been been at this time? Like just look at theater comics.
Just legit selling like multiple theater shows.
Eliza Delea you can name any of you. Right?
My like you go down the list a Z there's so many comics selling theaters,
theaters. I don't think there's ever been a time.
No, there's never been a time like this. Never.
There's never been a time when this many comics are selling out multiple
thousand seat places. And then there's the big, first of all, this Kevin Hart,
who's the biggest of the big he sells out 50,000.
Cat Williams is actually a lot bigger than he is cat Williams. Oh yeah.
I watched it on the breakfast club. <laugh> I thought you were drunk.
I'm joking. I'm joking. I was gonna pee test.
You didn't he got Williams just slamming. I don't pay attention to that. Oh,
it was pretty fun. I like cat. I like.
Kevin too. I like cat too, but he's he's eccentric at best.
Um, no, Kevin is the biggest monster.
Kevins. The biggest he's the biggest monster. So he's like 50.
He can sell 50,000. He sold 50,000 Philadelphia when he did a special, yeah.
There's only one of him,
but you know what was real close to him that people forget about is Larry the
cable guy. Cause Larry,
the cable guy was selling out football stadiums cuz Josh Wolf was opening for
him. And Josh Wolf took a picture and showed it to me and he goes, dude,
this was me on stage opening up for Larry, the cable guy. And you're like, yeah,
yeah. But people don't talk. Think about first of all, Larry,
the cable guy is like the most humble.
Plus he's doing that in like the Heartland. So people will just dismiss it.
Cause it's not like an LA show or.
New York show. Right. So those two guys, I think,
I think Kevin Hart is Nuer UNO. He's number one. Yeah.
And then there's Chappelle could basically do anything.
He sells out master chap, 50 sells.
He sold out the, the forum. Not the for.
Hollywood bowl. Hollywood bowl. Yeah. Yeah. That's huge. What is that? 20,000?
I don't know's.
Like 20,000. He has amphitheater offers like left and right.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> and then they'll, you know who they'll probably be like,
yeah, you do a show and it's like, you'll get like 700,000. He'll be like,
I'm gonna do the belly room.
And then he just goes and does that cause he likes it.
He likes the intimate shows. Well, he's also.
I hate to use a term like this, but he's a legitimate artist. Yeah.
Like he's just trying to do better work.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> do better comedy and always evolve. It.
He's one of the rare guys that could do a special and then the next week will
have a new hour. Yeah. And somehow just comes outta. I know. I mean, he's just,
it's supremely dedicated, you know? Yeah. So there's him.
There's Chris rock can still sell out pretty big places. If Louie came back,
I think he could sell out giant places. Giant bur sells out everywhere.
He wants to Burker could sell out. Um, he sold out Boston garden,
which is like 18,000 Wells Fargo center in Philly.
How big is that? 15,000. Yeah. That's crazy. Yeah.
He could sell out all those places. It's.
Really hard to put in perspective. And I think you guys can understand this,
but I mean you were selling out clubs. What? Like six,
17 years ago. Were you just doing clubs?
Yeah. For sure. But when you.
Were, when you were selling out yeah.
<affirmative> when you were selling out just clubs,
that's an achievement in this business.
I mean to sell out weekends and ad shows, right. Is a legit achievement.
Definitely. So undermined,
when you go in and you San Jose or you do whatever and you sell out everything
and then go, oh my God, like, holy.
Like there's there's so it's the possibilities are endless.
Yeah. Well I think it's the internet. It's, that's what it is. It's people.
And then there there's like this network of comics now that everybody
knows about, you know, if you know about bill, you know about Joey Diaz,
you know about you, you know about you, it's like,
there's this thing going on now where everyone's sort of connected. Yeah.
That's never existed before. And then a, a lot of these people,
not Sebastian he's one of the rare ones,
a doesn't but most of these people have podcasts. Kevin Hart doesn't obviously,
but Kevin Hart has major movies. Sebastian actually does one.
He does a podcast. Pete co with Pete co. Yeah. I didn't even know, but I,
I don't think they, I don't think he can get to it like weekly,
but they definitely put it SiriusXM. I think he'd do it specifically for.
Sirius X. Just does it whenever he can get to it. I.
Yeah, I think it's, you've probably been, you've been in this longest of,
of the three of us.
But have you ever known a time in comedy when comics were more friendly? No.
Like it seems like everyone's on the same team. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. This is a completely different thing.
And I've talked about this before.
It's because I really believe it's because the internet and also because there's
no, uh, things were fighting for anymore.
Like tonight show spots or stupid like that or sitcom auditions.
But in the past it was like there was three channels and there was the tonight
show and the Letterman show and everybody wanted to host the tonight show,
but Jay Leno was hosting it forever or Johnny Carson before him. Right.
And there was this competition between comics where they were just cut through
out. And there's not that anymore now instead like radio shows,
right? Radio shows always on the other radio shows always. They always,
the other morning shows in town. They on 'em. It was all on everybody. them.
Like Howard stern was notorious for it. Yeah. We do the.
Opposite. They'd start wars for ratings. Yeah.
But we do the opposite. It, we all have successful podcasts,
but we all have each other on our podcast. We're all super friendly about it.
We all promote each other's specials. We all, we all hang out together.
Like there there's a comradery amongst comedians. Now it used to be like,
there might be some camaraderie amongst a couple, but it would always go bad,
you know? And then there,
there was never like bunch of real headliners hanging out together like they are
now.
Yeah. Yeah.
I mean even the simplest things like Delia does something funny and I'll just
put it, I'll talk about it on my open tabs and get like half a million views.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. And then you go like,
I mean Delias might be one of my favorite people to watch these days.
Cause I just watch his Instagram and go, what's he doing today? He's ridiculous.
I can totally talk about it on my open tabs and just share it with everyone.
Yeah. And just go, oh great. Brand Shaw. Like dude, it's been funny.
Did you.